---
layout: post
date: 2014-04-08
tags:
- amsterdam
- bacharach
- cologne
title: "Amsterdam to Cologne to Bacharach"
category: fourweeks
---
<p><span>Today was our last in Amsterdam. We woke up, packed and then headed out for the Albert Cuypmarkt with hopes of finding some fresh herring and stoopwaffels. We were tight on time so we got there when the market opened and didn't find what we were looking for. If we'd set out for New York City t-shirts then we would have been in luck. We picked up some lunch and snacks for our train ride then found breakfast on the way back to our hotel to check out.</span></p>
<p>Today was the first day of riding the train and while they recommend you arrive about an hour early on your first day to get your tickets validated, we gave ourselves about 20 minutes. Luckily, 20 minutes were exactly how many it took to find the international desk, wait in line, get our ticket validated and find our platform.</p>
<p>The train to Cologne took about two and a half hours and was really comfortable. If all the trains we take are about as nice, we'll be in for some nice traveling. We weren't sure what we wanted to do in Cologne, but it was on the way to our eventual destination so we figured we should stop and take full advantage of our hop-on/hop-off train pass. When you leave the train station, the late Gothic Dom Cathedral is immediately in full view. This is the first Cathedral we have seen on the trip and I think they are only going to get bigger, but this one was pretty impressive. We walked around and inside and looked around and took way too many photos. After seeing the Cathedral we were out of things on our list to do in Cologne so we waited for our train at a nearby cafe and had some dessert.</p>
<p>We headed over to the station about 30 minutes before our train was supposed to depart and could tell things were a little crazy. People were talking about the schedule more than normal (in German, so I have no clue what they were saying) and all the trains from the last hour were on the board. I stopped by the info booth and was told the train we wanted to take was cancelled and needed to go catch a train on platform 7. Not sure which train or when it was supposed to come, Rachel and I headed up and tried to read the schedule and figure out what train we needed to catch. Eventually, we figured out that our train was actually on its way and "cancelled" probably meant "delayed" so we waited on platform 7. A few minutes before our train's new arrival time, an announcement in German comes on and everyone waiting on our side of the platform starts walking quickly for the stairs. We follow, and figure out that our train is already on a different platform and about to leave. Long story short, we made it. Longer story short, a fairly similar things happened to us in Koblenz and we waited for the train to Bacharach. By the time we made it, the town was asleep. Most of the lights were out. I think our hotel owner was asleep and had given up hope on us making it tonight.</p>
<p>But we made it, breakfast is from 9:00-10:00 am. And we're the only ones here in the hotel.</p>
<p>Tomorrow we plan on taking a river cruise up and down the river and exploring the towns around here. I'll take lots of pictures and let you know how it goes. Thanks for reading.</p>
<p>(The internet is too slow here to upload pictures, I'll add them when I can.)</p>
